Everything I know about Kingdom Hall maintenance, I learned from Brother Hojin Komp.
He encouraged me when I needed a little push, taught me the right way to do things,
and continued to teach me, with kindness and love.
So when he asked to borrow a ladder, I was happy to lend him mine.
Here are some things I need.
For a lunch today, with the youngs?
What's the ladder for?
Hojin needs it.
Hojin? How's he doing? I heard something about a cane.
Hojin? A cane? No way. He's still as strong as an ox.
Maybe. But it seems like...
Well, you'll see how he's doing.
And don't forget to stop at the store.
Hojin? A cane?
No way.
I'm coming. Here I come.
Oh, sorry.
It's okay. Is everything okay?
I just can't dash down the stairs.
I was on my way to the store, and that I'd drop off the ladder.
Thanks. Just leave it by the garage.
It's almost time for lunch.
The gutters can wait. They've waited this long.
Okay, we'll do. Bye.
Drive safe.
Gutters.
Hi, honey. What about lunch?
The youngs will be here in an hour.
I know. I picked up the items you asked for.
It got me thinking about the neighborly Samaritan.
When we see a knee, we can't be like the priest and Levite,
who just walked away.
The Samaritan cared enough to stop.
Examine the knee and take the time to help the poor man.
A man he didn't even know.
Of course.
Work what is good toward all,
but especially toward those related to us in the faith.
And I have an idea.
Let's not cancel with the youngs.
I'll go back and pick up my ladder and tell Hojin
that I'll come back Saturday afternoon to help him clean out the gutters.
It's such a blessing to be able to care the needs of our brothers
and feel their love and care for us.